c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\QuickContact.exe.config
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\QuickContact.exe
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\QuickContact.pdb
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact_Content.g.cs
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.g.resources
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.exe
c:\users\ib\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuickContact\QuickContact\obj\Debug\QuickContact.pdb
